Updated readme (#45)
benchopt/benchmark_resnet_classif: README.rst

where :math:`i` is the sample index, :math:`x_i` is the input image, :math:`y_i` is the sample label, and :math:`L` is the cross-entropy loss function.

Use
--------

This benchmark can be run using the following commands:

.. code-block::

   $ pip install -U benchopt
   $ git clone https://github.com/benchopt/benchmark_resnet_classif
   $ benchopt run benchmark_resnet_classif

While this command would run the entire benchmark, which includes several models, datasets and solvers, sequentially,
you can restrict the run to a specific model, dataset and/or solver by passing the corresponding arguments.
For example if I want to run the benchmark for the ResNet18 model on CIFAR10 dataset with the Adam solver, without a validation set, and for a single random seed:

.. code-block::

> 	$ benchopt run benchmark_resnet_classif -o "*18" -d "cifar[*random_state=42*with_validation=False]" -s "adam-torch[batch_size=128,coupled_weight_decay=0.0,data_aug=True,decoupled_weight_decay=0.02,*,lr_schedule=cosine]"  --max-runs 200 --n-repetitions 1

Reviewer: With the newest version of `benchopt`, I think this will not work. you need to run:
```suggestion
	$ benchopt run benchmark_resnet_classif -o "*[model_type=resnet,model_size=18]" -d "cifar[random_state=42,with_validation=False]" -s "adam-torch[batch_size=128,coupled_weight_decay=0.0,data_aug=True,decoupled_weight_decay=0.02,lr_schedule=cosine]"  --max-runs 200 --n-repetitions 1
```

Author: and not simply `-o "[model_size=18]"` ?

Reviewer: No I think this would not work. You need the `*` to match the name.
For only using `model_size=18`, I am not sure what this would give actually? Have you tried?

Use `benchopt run -h` for more details about these options, or visit https://benchopt.github.io/api.html.

Extension
---------

> If you want to add a new solver, you will need probably need to inherit one of the base solver classes from PyTorch, TensorFlow or PyTorch-Lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a new solver, you need to inherit one of the base solver classes from PyTorch, TensorFlow or PyTorch-Lightning.
```

> For example, to implement a new PyTorch-based solver, you will need at the beginning of your solver class to add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to implement a new PyTorch-based solver, you can add the following at the beginning of your solver class:
```

::

   from benchopt import safe_import_context

   with safe_import_context() as import_ctx:
      from torch.optim import ...

   TorchSolver = import_ctx.import_from('torch_solver', 'TorchSolver')

   class Solver(TorchSolver):

>       ...

Reviewer: I think this defeats a bit the purpose of "easily extendable" benchmark.
Maybe we should come up with a self contain example, where we declare everything in this class, without relying on the sub class? (just instanciate the optimizer, the model and call the while loop?)

Then we can explain a bit how to make it with data aug and everything using the more complex `TorchSolver`?

Author: Ah I see, yes why not

Author: actually it makes it look much more complicated I would say

we can discuss this offline maybe

.. code-block::

> 	$ benchopt run benchmark_resnet_classif -o "*[model_size=18]" -d "cifar[*random_state=42*with_validation=False]" -s "adam-torch[batch_size=128,coupled_weight_decay=0.0,data_aug=True,decoupled_weight_decay=0.02,*,lr_schedule=cosine]"  --max-runs 200 --n-repetitions 1

Reviewer: There is still an issue with the `*` in the datasets and solvers no? can you check with the newest benchopt version?

Use `benchopt run -h` for more details about these options, or visit https://benchopt.github.io/api.html.

Extension
---------

If you want to add a new solver, you need to inherit one of the base solver classes from PyTorch, TensorFlow or PyTorch-Lightning.
For example, to implement a new PyTorch-based solver with the Adam optimizer, you can add the following python file in the `solvers <solvers>`_ folder:

.. code:: python

   from benchopt import BaseSolver, safe_import_context

   with safe_import_context() as import_ctx:
      import torch

>    class Solver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   class Solver(BaseSolver):
```

      parameters = {
         'lr': [1e-3],
         'batch_size': [128],
      }

      def skip(self, framework, **_kwargs,):
         if framework != 'pytorch':
            return True, 'Not a torch dataset/objective'
         return False, None

      def set_objective(self, dataset, **_kwargs,):
         self.dataloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(
            dataset,
            batch_size=self.batch_size,
            num_workers=10,
            persistent_workers=True,
            pin_memory=True,
            shuffle=True,

>          )

Reviewer: You also need to store `self.model_init_fn` I think?

      @staticmethod
      def get_next(stop_val):

>          return stop_val + 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         # evaluate the model at every epoch.
         return stop_val + 1
```
